README.md, before:

# CSCI 3601 Iteration Template <!-- omit in toc -->

[![Server Build Status](../../actions/workflows/server.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/server.yml)
[![Client Build Status](../../actions/workflows/client.yaml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/client.yaml)
[![End to End Build Status](../../actions/workflows/e2e.yaml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/e2e.yaml)

[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/UMM-CSci-3601-S22/it-1-bletchley-park?branch=main)](https://bettercodehub.com/)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/UMM-CSci-3601-S22/it-1-bletchley-park.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/UMM-CSci-3601-S22/it-1-bletchley-park/alerts/)

- [Development](#development)
  - [Common commands](#common-commands)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [Changing the name](#changing-the-name)

This is your starter code for Iteration 1.

There are a number of elements of this production template that you don't need
(or even want down the road), but are provided as examples to help you get started.
As you work on your project, you should replace some of these pieces with
elements of your project and _remove whatever you don't need_ (e.g., markdown
files, JSON data files, or any remnants of the labs). We include, for example,
the `User` parts of the previous labs. These are almost certainly not relevant
to your project and should be removed once you've started.

:exclamation: You should remove this sentence and the text above, and
replace them with least an elevator pitch description of your project so that
if someone comes to this repo they'll know what the project is about.

## [Development](DEVELOPMENT.md)

Instructions on setting up the development environment and working with the code are in [the development guide](DEVELOPMENT.md).

### Common commands

From the `server` directory:

- `./gradlew run` to start the server
- `./gradlew test` to test the server
- `./gradlew checkstyleMain` to run Checkstyle on the server Java code in the `src/main` folder
- `./gradlew checkstyleTest` to run Checkstyle on the server Java code in the `src/test` folder
- `./gradlew check` will run both the tests and Checkstyle in one command

From the `client` directory:

- `ng serve` to run the client
- `ng test` to test the client
  - Or `ng test --no-watch --code-coverage` to run the client tests once and
    also compute the code coverage.
- `ng e2e` and `ng e2e --watch` to run end-to-end tests

From the `database` directory:

- `./mongoseed.sh` (or `.\mongoseed.bat` on Windows) to seed the database

## [Deployment](DEPLOYMENT.md)

Instructions on how to create a DigitalOcean Droplet and setup your project are in [the deployment guide](DEPLOYMENT.md).

## [Resources](RESOURCES.md)

Additional resources on tooling and techniques are in [the resources list](RESOURCES.md).

## Contributors

This contributors to this project can be seen [here](../../graphs/contributors).
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://floogulinc.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1300395?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Paul Friederichsen</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=floogulinc" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-floogulinc" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=floogulinc" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-floogulinc" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#mentoring-floogulinc" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#question-floogulinc" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Afloogulinc" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#security-floogulinc" title="Security">🛡️</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=floogulinc" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="#a11y-floogulinc" title="Accessibility">️️️️♿️</a> <a href="#infra-floogulinc" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-floogulinc" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/helloworld12321"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/56209343?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Joe Moonan Walbran</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/issues?q=author%3Ahelloworld12321" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=helloworld12321" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-helloworld12321" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=helloworld12321" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-helloworld12321" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-helloworld12321" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-helloworld12321" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#mentoring-helloworld12321" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#projectManagement-helloworld12321" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#question-helloworld12321" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Ahelloworld12321" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#tool-helloworld12321" title="Tools">🔧</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=helloworld12321" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/kklamberty"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2751987?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>K.K. Lamberty</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=kklamberty" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-kklamberty" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="#design-kklamberty" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=kklamberty" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-kklamberty" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#mentoring-kklamberty" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#projectManagement-kklamberty" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#question-kklamberty" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=kklamberty" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="#tutorial-kklamberty" title="Tutorials">✅</a> <a href="#a11y-kklamberty" title="Accessibility">️️️️♿️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://www.morris.umn.edu/~mcphee"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/302297?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Nic McPhee</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-NicMcPhee" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=NicMcPhee" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/issues?q=author%3ANicMcPhee" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#content-NicMcPhee" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=NicMcPhee" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#design-NicMcPhee" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="#maintenance-NicMcPhee" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#projectManagement-NicMcPhee" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#question-NicMcPhee" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3ANicMcPhee" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=NicMcPhee" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

## Changing the name

The project by default has the name "CSCI 3601 Iteration Template". There are a few places you need to change to make this the name you want:

- The title in this README.md
- [`client/src/app/app.component.ts`](client/src/app/app.component.ts)
  - The `title` variable
  - Also the associated unit and E2E tests will need to be changed.
- [`client/src/app/app.component.html`](client/src/app/app.component.html)
  - The `mat-toolbar` element for the navigation drawer is just "Client" by default.
- [`client/src/index.html`](client/src/index.html)
  - The `title` element

You can go ahead and remove this section of the README once you have changed the name.

Commit message:

Remove very out of date info
In the read me there are some things that should be removed, so I removed them, and replaced them with the elevator pitch, which we needed.

README.md, after:

# CSCI 3601 Iteration Template <!-- omit in toc -->

[![Server Build Status](../../actions/workflows/server.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/server.yml)
[![Client Build Status](../../actions/workflows/client.yaml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/client.yaml)
[![End to End Build Status](../../actions/workflows/e2e.yaml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/e2e.yaml)

[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/UMM-CSci-3601-S22/it-1-bletchley-park?branch=main)](https://bettercodehub.com/)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/UMM-CSci-3601-S22/it-1-bletchley-park.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/UMM-CSci-3601-S22/it-1-bletchley-park/alerts/)

- [Development](#development)
  - [Common commands](#common-commands)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Contributors](#contributors)

For shoppers who want an organized pantry and shopping experience, Handy Pantry is a home pantry inventory system that tracks consumption and storage. Unlike pen and paper, our product uses your grocery usage information to automatically generate an up-to-date shopping list.

## [Development](DEVELOPMENT.md)

Instructions on setting up the development environment and working with the code are in [the development guide](DEVELOPMENT.md).

### Common commands

From the `server` directory:

- `./gradlew run` to start the server
- `./gradlew test` to test the server
- `./gradlew checkstyleMain` to run Checkstyle on the server Java code in the `src/main` folder
- `./gradlew checkstyleTest` to run Checkstyle on the server Java code in the `src/test` folder
- `./gradlew check` will run both the tests and Checkstyle in one command

From the `client` directory:

- `ng serve` to run the client
- `ng test` to test the client
  - Or `ng test --no-watch --code-coverage` to run the client tests once and
    also compute the code coverage.
- `ng e2e` and `ng e2e --watch` to run end-to-end tests

From the `database` directory:

- `./mongoseed.sh` (or `.\mongoseed.bat` on Windows) to seed the database

## [Deployment](DEPLOYMENT.md)

Instructions on how to create a DigitalOcean Droplet and setup your project are in [the deployment guide](DEPLOYMENT.md).

## [Resources](RESOURCES.md)

Additional resources on tooling and techniques are in [the resources list](RESOURCES.md).

## Contributors

This contributors to this project can be seen [here](../../graphs/contributors).
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://floogulinc.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1300395?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Paul Friederichsen</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=floogulinc" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-floogulinc" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=floogulinc" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-floogulinc" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#mentoring-floogulinc" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#question-floogulinc" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Afloogulinc" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#security-floogulinc" title="Security">🛡️</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=floogulinc" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="#a11y-floogulinc" title="Accessibility">️️️️♿️</a> <a href="#infra-floogulinc" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-floogulinc" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/helloworld12321"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/56209343?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Joe Moonan Walbran</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/issues?q=author%3Ahelloworld12321" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=helloworld12321" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-helloworld12321" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=helloworld12321" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-helloworld12321" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-helloworld12321" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-helloworld12321" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#mentoring-helloworld12321" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#projectManagement-helloworld12321" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#question-helloworld12321" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Ahelloworld12321" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#tool-helloworld12321" title="Tools">🔧</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=helloworld12321" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/kklamberty"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2751987?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>K.K. Lamberty</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=kklamberty" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-kklamberty" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="#design-kklamberty" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=kklamberty" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-kklamberty" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#mentoring-kklamberty" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#projectManagement-kklamberty" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#question-kklamberty" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=kklamberty" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="#tutorial-kklamberty" title="Tutorials">✅</a> <a href="#a11y-kklamberty" title="Accessibility">️️️️♿️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://www.morris.umn.edu/~mcphee"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/302297?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Nic McPhee</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-NicMcPhee" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=NicMcPhee" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/issues?q=author%3ANicMcPhee" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#content-NicMcPhee" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=NicMcPhee" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#design-NicMcPhee" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="#maintenance-NicMcPhee" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#projectManagement-NicMcPhee" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#question-NicMcPhee" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3ANicMcPhee" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/UMM-CSci-3601/3601-iteration-template/commits?author=NicMcPhee" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
